what we are doing today
you know he rips right before my fight
yeah 86 debated I became top she's
locked up for making money so ver que no
han follow him jumping not his name
double keys did a rest cuz they gonna
come let the tag numbers chasing me and
we chased numbers please what one do you
for my last mixtape drops you did
numbers Nick now these proceeds
you be like number shout out to those
glowing yellow eyes you see me I never
thought I'd be in this position rapping
I don't know what it is but I did it my
mom dukes pass when I was younger I
guess that's why the kids so humble I
know I hate her so I tell my tools i
love them and the whole we are surviving
this concrete
you